

GDPR - Socially Responsible Computing

GDPR requires that you specify exactly what you intend to do with each data point.
Consider each data point that you’re gathering from your users (Name, location, timestamp).
Writing to a user, justify why each data point is needed in an imaginary final version of your application:
what eventual functionality might use the data?

Hi user -

We don't actually need your name for giving you the best routes to take or to separate your information from others',
because we use a UserID to distinguish between users.
However, we would like to keep your name on file for a Map Friends feature where you can allow your friends to see your
name on a map real-time and vice-versa.

We need your location so tht we can use it to display where you are on a route and update
a route as needed if you choose to go on a new path. We also need your location so that we can render it onto our map,
making it easier for you to see where you are in relation to other landmarks, real-time.

We need a timestamp of your checkin to a certain location so that we can dynamically update how much further you need
to travel to get to your destination, how much time it has taken since you started your journey and predict how much
longer you will need to travel for.

Consider a more complex application that you’ve interacted with before (Facebook, Steam, MyAnimeList)
 - why might it be difficult to delete all of the data on a user?
 Consider factors unique to the application you've chosen; specifically those other than volume or size of data.

 Facebook: it is difficult to wipe all the data on a person because their data isn't self-contained on their profile.
 Friends may have tagged the individual or posted about the individual, in which case it is unclear whether it is in
 Facebook's purview to alter other people's data. Or, if the individual had posted on someone else's profile, removal
 of all of the individual's data would also have to remove posts from others' walls.

 Another complicating factor is images and videos: Facebook could remove the tags of the individual off of such media,
 but there still might be images and videos of the individual on others' walls or in group pages. To truly delete all of
 an individual's data, Facebook may need to run facial recognition algorithms but this is very impractical. If the
 individual is pictured in a group photo with 100 other people, is it really the individual's data?

 Deleting user data -
 To delete all data of a user with user id 'USER_ID', we could use the following SQL query:
 DELETE FROM 'map_checkin' WHERE map_checkin.id='USER_ID'